This is the Fifth Peak Hall
Make us wait for the place where we usually practice
Isn't this my former residence?
Everything is still the same as before
What are they doing if they don't practice?
Yes, the day after tomorrow to punish us
Use a magic weapon to draw away the spiritual energy of the fifth seal
And not only that.
Other men who serve to bully us
Throw their stinky clothes at us
That's what women should do.
master
All masters
Incompetence compromises you
What a stinky woman
Have you washed the clothes yet?
I'm waiting to wear it
I already said burn that tail for me
Why is it still here?
Take it back and wash it yourself when you wait to wear it.
You are the fifth peak leader.
I found such a little goblin
Let me see.
It's not bad looking
I think you might as well go with my father
Save yourself a few days to die in the competition
What a pity, hahaha.
How much do you need for martial arts?
Well, they're just here to find fault on purpose.
Why are you afraid?
Just know to be afraid
I'll tell you what.
In a few days, it will be the Qingyun Sword Sect HSBC competition.
If you lose, don't say that Wufeng will be expelled.
Even a few of you
Hahahaha
Guo Zao, go back and tell the people behind you
Three days later, Wufeng will meet
Our fifth peak will surely win the first place
You wait for me
This is the place where I retreated in my previous life
One day of cultivation can reach the outside world for a hundred days
I must integrate the second power as soon as possible
Then capture Huiwu first
Correct the name for the fifth book
Never let them down
Time is running out
Strive to be before the martial arts are waved
Breakthrough to the seventh realm first